Jarnath was born in the year 1679 A.T. (After Tiamat) He was an
adventurer from birth. He worked hard, very hard. He's fought in the
Great Orc War, the Orcish Rebellion, and Elven Human War. He fought with
whoever would pay him more. And generally, whoever's side he was on,
won. When he was 12, he went on an adventure with a party. They took out
a goblin camp and brought some riches to their town Nether. When he was
18 he fought some cultist, and ended up sleeping with Cthulhu's Daughter
Cthryn. He messed around a lot and had a son. When he was 20 he fought
the Elven King Othorian Nel for the rights of Tiamat to the Humans.
Othorian threatened Jarnath that he would attack Nether if he did not
surrender. Jarnath thought he would win, fought Othorian, and lost.
Nether was almost completely destroyed, but Othorian said he would spare
some, if Jarnath promised never to go back to his home town, and never
to set foot in Tulorian again. Jarnath submitted. But because of the
harshness of the elves, Nether was slowly dying. Sanctions prevented
them from having too much food. Jarnath couldn't help at all, he had a
curse that told Othorian if he ever went back to Nether. Finally Jarnath
broke, he trained for a decade. He slayed many dragons, including
stealing the heart from a time dragon named Niadraith, that he used to
grant himself the ability to stop aging. He then used this to train for
20 more years. He then went back to reclaim Nether by defeating Othorian
at Tudolorian. But Othorian had gotten stronger too. Othorian and
Jarnath fought for days. However Othorian proved superior again, and
then fufilled his promise to destroy Nether once and for all so that
Jarnath would never rebel again. This had the opposite effect, now
Jarnath has promised never to go to rebuild Nether until he has killed
Othorian. He trains every hundred years and re-challenges Othorian. And
that's the way it's been for 5,400 years. He loves to get drunk, but a
few thousand years ago he pulled a stunt with a goat, an elder dragon
named Rigod the Insane, and a bucket of frogs that got him kicked out of
every bar in Tiamat. Now he uses polymorph to get in, but he gets drunk,
the spell ends, and it's usually a mess. He's great with the ladies.
He's got a huge gambling problem though. He owes Novachrono 1 Million
platinum after losing a bet on whether or not he could bench press a
mountain, he could only move it over a bit. He owes Rigod 10 Million
platinum because he couldn't make the goat fly by tying frogs to it and
stuffing it full of power. The Abysal Bank has frozen his account
because he slept with the Banks manager's (Dante) Daughter (Seraphine).
They siezed the money in the account and all that's left is his Old
Skeleton Key. https://puzzel.org/en/memory/play?p=-MaPBGCi86ITnC84Eegm

He fought and killed a Demi-God Megicula, and won his Dragon Slayer
sword that gets stronger every time it kills a "Worthy" opponent.

He keeps trying to get return from death from Novachrono, so he can
attempt to get back into his safe, because he doesn't know all his money
is gone. Now he owes most people money, is constantly on the run, and
run out of options, so he just hangs around, gets drunk, trains.

Jarnath is the mix between Aragorn, Han Solo, and All Might.
