10 B.T. A great tragedy happened upon the Imperial Kingdom, causing most
of the Elves to set sail to a new world. Othorian Nel was born bofore
they were leaving.

B.T. is an era before Tiamat faught Novachrono(Time). During this time
the universe and world were still in the midst of creation. Tiamat had
always existed, and was trying to destroy the world as well as all of
existence. However while fighting Time in the ether, she and his clash
created the rest of the physical universe. Stars are fireballs from
Tiamat, planets are debris from her other breaths. Black Holes are where
Tiamat and Time collided. She and Time fought, but time prevailed,
saving the world. Tiamat, unable to accept this face, clawed at Time and
dragged a piece of Time down to the world with her. Tiamat died, but not
before using some the the Time she took to begin the process of her
reincarnation. If she awakens, she will surely finish destroying the
world, time, and exsistence. The ancient elves took the egg and broke
it, then scattered it to the 5 corners of Tiamat so that she could never
be reborn. This process repeats every thousand years or so. All Tiamat
Lore is accurate before she died, including her knowing the Githyanki's.

When Tiamat had died, The Ancient Elves watched Tiamat get defeated by
Novachrono and fall to The World. Her death was not celebrated nor
mourned by the Elves. Othorian Nel was 10 years old when this happened.
Her landing created a place for the Elves to land their ships. When they
arrived to Mt. Elderchrono, they discovered Tiamat and her magic of
trying to reincarnate herself with the Speck of Time she tore from
Novachrono. The Elves destroyed her new egg, and spread it across the
continent so that she could not come back to destroy all of creation.
Although Tiamat is dead, she is simply locked in the (Plane of
Darkness.) Being separated by the Elves, she had extremely limited power
in the Physical Plane. She awaits her time to reincarnate and finish
what she started.

1 A.T. Tulorian was founded by the Elves.

214 A.T. The Battle of the Minds split the Elves into different ways of
thinking. While some Elves believed that they should grow, adapt, and
evolve, another sect of elves wanted to stick to their natural roots.
This caused a great migration of Elves to the Quielent forest to live a
traditional life, while the other half continued to advance society in
Tulorian. This split created the Wood and High Elves.

457 A.T. Dwarves arrive on Tiamat. The Elves and Dwarves did not get
along well, and they were given very little help adapting to the new
land. They stayed separated, and caused no big territorial issues
considering that the continent had not yet been very colonized.

481 KneeStone Mines were founded.

946 A.T. Orcs arrive on Tiamat. They were very unkind and unwelcome in
general by both Elves and Dwarves. This is where base territorial
battles began, although it was more of battles here and there if they
ever crossed paths and not necessarily enough forces for it to be a war.
A blight began to spread through the land.

958 A.T. Hell was founded.

989 A.T. The Blight was spreading through the land and ruining it
severely. This was because the Speck of Time and Tiamat were fighting
still, so the Continent Tiamat was aging and dying. Novachrono chose an
Orc(Great Hellbringer), Elf(Othorian Nel), and Dwarf(Stone Heart) to
ressurect Tiamat so that they could kill her again to rebirth the land
of Tiamat. This became known as The Great Rebirth. This began the Good
Era of Peace.

1063 A.T. Humans arrived to Tiamat. They were welcomed by the Elves and
Dwarves. Orcs were not kind to the outsiders. Humans had escaped near
elimination due to the disasters happening on their continent, and
thought of Tiamat as their savior. They created the religion of Tiamat.
They began to spread their religion all over Tiamat, forcefully
somtimes. They reproduced quickly. This caused the Great Spread of
Humanity.

1080 A.T. Cardious was founded.

1088 A.T. Harven was founded.

1104 A.T. Kubi was founded.

1105 A.T. Nodo was founded.

1216 A.T. Helne was founded.

1324 A.T. Ankor was founded.

1414 A.T. Kastof was founded.

1548 A.T. Nether was founded.

1630 A.T. Chin was founded. This series of rapid spreading known as the
Great Spread of Humanity was beginning to cause concern to the other
Races of Tiamat. Chin was extremely close to Tulorian and the Elves took
it as an apparent militant placement in their territory. Political
tensions began to rapidly rise, and there was little to stop racism from
spreading.

1679 A.T. Jarnath was born.

1680 A.T. Chin was destroyed by the Elves after it was discovered that
weapons and dark magic was being created there. This began the Elven
Human War.

1699 A.T. Jarnath Rex fought Othorian Nel for the rights of Tiamat to
the humans. Jarnath was beaten. This was ultimately the Human's final
stand against the Elves. The Elven Human war ended.

1700 A.T. Othorian Nel took command with his forces against all Human
cities and became the First King of Tiamat. He tried to hold down all of
Humanity, weaken them, and continue to fight any remnants of the Human
Army for Tiamat.

1730 A.T. Jarnath Rex had a rematch with Othorian Nel. Jarnath lost
again, and Othorian decided that he would have to shut down Jarnath by
destroying Nether.

1890 A.T. The Orcs were enraged at how they were treated, and saw an
opportunity to take over Tiamat while the Elves and Humans were weakened
by the war. Hellbringer the 5th started the Great Orcish War. The Humans
and Elves fought back seperately against the Orcs brutality while still
fighting amongst themselves. Meanwhile The Blight had begun to spread
again.

2020 A.T. In the midst of the Great Orcish War and the Elven Human War,
Novachrono began the process of picking a being of each race in the war
to begin the Second Great Rebirth.

2111 A.T. Tiamat was being torn apart by the Great Orcish War. The
population fell in half. Eventually the Humans and Elves joined forces
in order to defeat the common enemy. With the power of the Humans and
Elves combined, they defeated the Orcs. Othorian Nel decided letting the
Humans have equal political power in Tiamat would prevent any more wars
between Elves and Humans. King Charlie the 1st became the first Human
King of Tiamat alongside King Othorian. The Hellbringers were pushed
back against the Spinal Mountains and the Quielent forest and the family
became known as the Grudge. The city of Hell changed its' name to
Grudge.

2120 A.T. Elves and Humans were struggling to rebuild due to the war,
and decided to put on heavy sanctions onto Grudge. The Orcs were
horribly mistreated.

2430 A.T. The Grudge family after growing their numbers finnally began
their rebellion.

2467 A.T. Gondor was founded.

2516 A.T. The Great Orc Rebellion was shut down, however they had now
gained respect from Tiamat, and given a little more room and rights.
This began the Great Long Era of Peace.

2549 A.T. Dangar was founded.

2654 A.T. The Age of Exploration began. There were stories of Great
Treasure. Pirates and Explorers traveled throughout the seas looking for
adventure.

2899 A.T. The Blight began to spread once more. This time pirates were
chosen as the vessels for the 3rd Great Rebirth with Willharm.

3239 A.T. The Great Goat Incident.

3600 A.T. Hell Pass was created.

3834 A.T. Chin was rebuilt as Kin.

4113 A.T. The Blight began once more, causing Novachrono to choose more
vessals to begin the 4th Great Rebirth.

4239 A.T. Some Orcs began to do some raids onto nearby towns.

4401 A.T. Puke was founded.

4643 A.T. The Great Lake of Tiamat was separated into 3 lakes; Nown
Lake, Life Lake, and Dragon Lake.

4790 A.T. Due to the difficulty of getting through Hell Pass, New Lorian
was just founded.

4989 A.T. The 5th Great Rebirth.

5121 A.T. New Lorian is Raided so often that it is renamed Hell's
Barrow.

5122 A.T. Puke is destroyed.

5256 A.T. Population is at an all time high. Most races are living
relatively peacefully together. Society is very stable and established
except for Puke and Hell's Barrow.

5822A.T. Atum was Born.

5979 A.T. Vranardoc is Born.

5984 A.T. Roluss Rex is Born.

6000 A.T. Present Year
