Lore of Tiamat

1. Tiamat is the name of the dragon that is this very continent.

(What most everyone believes) Tiamat saved the world a long time ago
from an evil force. She was a giant dragon in the ether, fighting to
keep the world alive while evil kept trying to destroy it. The battle
was legendary, and eventually Tiamat sacrificed her life to keep the
world alive, and fell towards it, creating our continent. Or at least,
that's what most the stories say anyways. It's all probably just some
stories we made to explain why our continent looks like a dragon.

(What actually happened) Tiamat was trying to destroy the world and all
of existence. She was immortal, but she had to battle against the
embodiement of time itself. She and time fought, but time prevailed,
saving the world. Tiamat, unable to accept this face, clawed at Time and
dragged a piece of Time down to the world with her. Tiamat died, but not
before using some the the Time she took to begin the process of her
reincarnation. If she awakens, she will surely finish destroying the
world, time, and exsistence. The ancient elves took the egg and broke
it, then scattered it to the 5 corners of Tiamat so that she could never
be reborn. This process repeats every thousand years or so.

2. Tiamat is a dragon with 4 heads, spines out her back, and an arm and
leg, stuff like that. She is turning red from the source of Mt.
Elderchrono.

3. She is on the world, but the world has not been named and discovered
by these people yet. All they know is Tiamat.

4. There is an egg with missing peices that she was trying to complete
to reincarnate. If all the pieces are collected and used to finish the
egg, she will be reborn to destroy everything. She needs the gold shard
from Cardious, the black shard from the Lake of Life, the white shard
from the Tree of Death, the green shard from the Hell's Barrow, the blue
shard from Kastoff, and the red shard from Mt. Elderchrono. If all the
pieces are brought together around the Speck of Time ontop of Mt.
Elderchrono, she is reincarnated as a baby dragon.

5. It is the plot.

7. Year is 6000 A.T. (After Tiamat)

6. Make sure Vranardoc doesn't fuck Tiamat.
